[azingest] add sovereign support (#21689)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/monitor/azingest/README.md

An authenticated client object is required to upload logs. The examples demonstrate using [azidentity.NewDefaultAzureCredential][default_cred_ref] to authenticate; however, the client accepts any [azidentity][azure_identity] credential. See the [azidentity][azure_identity] documentation for more information about other credential types.

> The clients default to the Azure public cloud. For other cloud configurations, see the [cloud][cloud_documentation] package documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client defaults to the Azure public cloud. For other cloud configurations, see the [cloud][cloud_documentation] package documentation.
```

Author: Fixed in 2f00690
